Hey big brother
When did you enter the Holy Spirit?
Why don't we know?
Haven't you all seen it?
Ah you forgot
When I first went to Guozijian
Standing next to the prison, Lord Li of the Criminal Department
It's the current emperor
This is the Emperor
You're going to lose your head looking at the emperor outside
OK
I know you have a lot of questions
But this is not the place to talk
Wait until we get back.
Hmm, big brother, you are finally back.
You don't know.
In the few days you have been away
We have a great event in our house
We all know.
Isn't it the big brother who is the official?
Ah, big brother, you are an official.
Don't you know that my brother didn't tell you before he left?
I don't know.
Big brother just asked me to find the traitor
Let me tell them where you are
What do you mean by big joy?
Wake up
Really. Hmm.